[SOUMA] This world has these
funny little creatures
called gelins.
They're known for
being incredibly weak.
Cut them or squash them
and they die instantly.
They have no sex, and
merely divide to reproduce.
And right now,
I'm about to be fed one of
these funny little creatures.
We can't wait.
What do you have for us next?
Ah, yes!
I think this one
will surprise you.
[GROUP gasps]
I hope I'm wrong,
but is that a gelin?
Why, yes indeed,
that's exactly what it is.
You have a good eye!
That's weird, I didn't think
you could eat those things.
Yep!
[AISHA]
Just a moment, please.
Is that gelin dead?
Yes, ma'am, no need to worry‐‐
this gelin has already
been slaughtered.
It can't be.
I've never seen or heard
of a gelin carcass before.
Yeah, now that you mention it,
this is pretty weird.
Why? What makes it so unusual?
[LISCIA] If you break open
the thin surface membrane
of a gelin, its internal fluids
come gushing out everywhere.
So, it shouldn't be
possible for you to kill one
and have it remain
intact like that.
I gotcha.
So, what do you have to do
to preserve the carcass?
Well, there is a bit
of a trick to it,
but it's not too
terribly difficult.
I learned this from a
small tribe who lives far
to the west, within the borders
of our great empire.
If you strike it with a stick or
something just hard enough
so that you don't
break the membrane,
you can destroy
the nucleus within!
I'm told the locals refer to
this method as "gelin ikejime."
[SOUMA]
I guess they're kinda like fish.
If you successfully break
only the nucleus,
then all of that internal
fluid will begin to congeal‐‐
and the gelin will grow firm.
If you continue to let
them sit after that,
the remaining moisture
will eventually evaporate,
and they'll become almost
hard‐cured lumps.
I'd say two hours
after death seems to be
the sweet spot.
They'll be solidified
to a certain degree,
but retain some
of that springiness.
That's when you can cook
'em up real nice, you see.
Now, you can simply boil these
strips in some salted water.
And they'll firm up even more!
[SOUMA] Huh. It looks
like he's adding stock.
Ta‐da! Please give it a try!
They look like udon noodles.
Oh? What's "udon"?
Oh, right.
That's a "back home" thing.
We have a thick wheat flour
noodle that looks a lot
like this.
Though, the ingredients
and preparation
are completely different.
[LISCIA]
You don't say?
Then I think you should
have the first bite.
Huh?
You've eaten something
a lot like this before,
so go ahead!
She's absolutely right!
After you, Your Majesty.
In that case, Highness,
here you go.
Yeah, thanks, but I don't.
[SOUMA]
Well, I did give the others food
they weren't accustomed to.
It's not fair if I'm the only
one who gets out of this.
So, how'd it turn out, Souma?
It's way better than I expected!
I thought it would be
slimier and fishier,
but this is smooth and chewy.
I'd say they're closer to
kudzu noodles than udon.
But there's a unique
squeakiness to them.
It's not bad at all!
[SOUMA slurping]
Then, I'll try it, too!
Wow, this is something else.
Its texture is unlike
anything I've had before,
and I kinda like it!
And the soup really adds
a nice flavor to them.
Wow, I can't believe
this came from a gelin!
That's amazing!
[CITIZENS chattering]
Unfortunately, that's all
we have for you today,
so it's time we thanked
everyone for tuning into
"The King's Brillunch"
and wrap things up here!
I hope you enjoyed acting
as our host, Poncho dear!
Yes, although I'm afraid
it may be asking
a little bit too much
of me to do this again.
Sorry.
Someone please trade
places with me next time.
My, I certainly hope there
is a next go around!
What do you say, Majesty?
Only if the people demand it.
Well, there you have it.
It would be wonderful if there
were some demand,
don't you think?
Oh, I guess, but I'm not gonna
hold my breath or anything.
We'll see.
Ah, don't be like that,
I can't wait to do this again!
N‐No, please,
I really don't want to!
Goodbye, everyone!
And take care!
Who knew there would be
so much demand to keep
"The King's Brillunch"
running regularly?
We have to at least
do a follow‐up now.
[knocking]
Come in!
Marx wants me?
Yes, sir.
He says he has something
important to discuss.
What's going on, Marx?
Why are we having
to meet in here?
Why not talk in the
state affairs office?
Do forgive me for interrupting
your busy schedule.
But I wanted to discuss the
possibility of stepping down
as prime minister.
No, you can't be serious!
The former King Albert
recognized Your Majesty's
talents and yielded the throne
to you without hesitation.
I have given a considerable
amount of thought
to following his example.
I have done what I can in your
service for as long as possible,
but I believe your needs
have outgrown my abilities.
Unexpected.
Have you thought
about a replacement?
Hakuya has proven
himself most talented,
and deeply devoted
to the throne.
I believe this man is the
perfect candidate to take over
my position as your
new right hand.
He has my full support.
So be it.
The formal appointment will have
to wait for another meeting.
But yes.
I agree with you.
My oh my, that certainly is a
huge weight off my shoulders.
Now I will humbly accept
the retirement allowance
I'm owed for my many
years of service,
and perhaps purchase myself
a cottage in the country
where I can enjoy
the rest of my days.
At least, that's what
I had been planning,
but I am well aware that
the national treasury
is still in dire straits.
So, in lieu of my retirement,
and in service of the crown.
I will remain at your side
and accept a salary
commensurate with
a new position.
How 'bout that?
You are a wise Minister.
Even more than you
previously thought I was?
[MARX] I am more grateful for
Your Majesty's words just now
than I would be for
any monetary reward.
Listen, Marx.
It hasn't been very long
since I arrived in this world.
There is much that I
still don't understand,
especially when it comes
to the customs of the court.
I would like for you to act
as a consultant to help me
with that. Will you?
Your wish is my command.
[HAKUYA]
Sire.
Although I haven't been
formally appointed yet,
as your prime minister,
I have one suggestion
I'd like to put forward.
What is it?
Majesty.
I think you should
take time off.
Huh?
Honestly, of all the things
Hakuya could have suggested,
why'd it have to be that?
I get that when the boss
won't take time off,
it makes it harder for
those under him to do so.
But it still feels weird.
If I had my druthers,
I would prefer that you
take a substantial break.
An extended stay in a quiet
location outside the castle.
But we don't have
time for that, do we?
No, we do not.
I figured as much.
All right, what do you
want me to do instead?
Take the rest of the day away.
And leave the grounds
before you're tempted
to continue working.
I've made arrangements
to allow for your absence.
Yeah, if I'm taking time away,
I'd rather stay in my room.
I'm afraid that's not an option.
Our objective here is to
have Your Majesty show off
that you are taking
a break from work.
You need to enjoy this time
in a way that the castle
is able to see and appreciate.
[SOUMA] I don't think you can
call that a real break, then.
If I may, sir.
Use this opportunity to take
Princess Liscia on a date
in the castle town.
Uh‐‐! A "date"?
Oh, yes!
By deepening your intimacy
with her in that way,
it will surely hasten
your succession, sire!
Don't get ahead of ourselves!
But I guess it would be kinda
nice to go out together.
So, what should we do
about an escort?
I think Aisha would be
the perfect choice.
Brilliant, Hakuya!
With such a mighty warrior
to accompany them,
their safety is guaranteed!
Sure, but if it's supposed
to be a date,
should I really bring
another girl along?
You'll have a flower
in each hand!
I couldn't be more envious.
[MARX]
Indeed!
Damn him!
He didn't mean that, right?
[LISCIA grunts]
Oh, just who I wanted to see.
[AISHA yells]
[LISCIA yells]
Sonic Wind!
[LISCIA]
Ice Sword Mountain!
[AISHA]
That's nothing!
Not too shabby.
I could say the same about you.
Your guard is truly impressive.
[SOUMA] Is this how warriors
of this world always fight?
If they don't slow it down,
they're going to destroy
the whole castle!
Hey! Enough already, you two!
Your Majesty!
A date?
Yeah.
So's that a no?
Uh, it's not a no, but...
Knowing that Hakuya was
the one who proposed it
is a bit troubling.
Yeah. I kinda had
the same feeling.
But either way,
I do have free time.
There's no reason we can't
go out somewhere, right?
I suppose not.
Ooh! Sir!
In that case,
please come to our forest!
As much as I would like to,
I only have today, so we'll
have to go someplace
relatively close by.
Oh.
Yes, we would
need far more time.
It's six‐days round trip
even by horseback.
We'll plan to travel
some other time.
I did go over how to carry out
the thinning, though, right?
You did.
But there are many
among the dark elves
who have always been
particularly inflexible
on skirting tradition.
They may take some convincing
to let their own people
cut down trees in the forest
we're meant to guard.
‐‐See?
‐‐Ah.
No, that makes sense.
Those types are all over.
That is why I would very
much like Your Majesty
to travel there and
rebuke them personally.
Understood.
We'll go as soon as time allows.
Thank you very much.
I have begged your indulgence,
so in exchange,
please use me as you see fit!
Great. I actually do
have a favor to ask.
Sire! Yes!
Shall I to bed?
Why would you assume that?
Because I just finished
offering myself to you,
was that not clear?
Souma.
Hey, don't give me that look,
you know I wouldn't!
I just wanted to ask if
she would be our escort
down in the castle town today.
Uh, wait, you don't really
want me to come along
on your date, do you?
If Liscia and I go alone
and something happens
to one or both of us,
we'll be in big trouble.
And when I say "date,"
we're really just having a look
around town, so no worries.
Well I, for one,
am a little concerned.
It's nothing, forget it.
[SOUMA] So this is a
military academy uniform.
[LISCIA]
Sorry to keep you.
Hey, those glasses are
really working for you.
Oh, you think so?
Well, thank you.
Your Majesty! How do I
look in uniform, sir? Huh?
[SOUMA]
Um...
Uh, it's not a great
match for you.
[gasps]
Why not, sire?
How can I put this?
I guess it doesn't exactly
mesh with the mental image
I have of dark elves.
What image of dark
elves do you have?
Do you think I should be
wearing more or less?
Would you rather I wore only
my flesh out with you, perhaps?
[SOUMA]
No, hang on, I didn't mean that!
I have no idea what
you're imagining, Souma,
but you're crazy if you
don't think she looks good
like this.=
I knew I liked you, Princess!
All right, let's observe some
personal boundaries.
It won't be long before
we're in town.
Remember, once we set foot
outside this carriage,
you and I are no longer
the princess and the king.
We're simply students
at the academy.
Yes, hence the uniforms.
We can keep a low
enough profile like this.
You can count on me,
Your Majesty.
Another thing.
We're undercover, so you
shouldn't call me that.
Oh! Of course, but what
should I call you instead?
You can just call me by my name.
Or if you prefer, you can
use my given name,
Kazuya.
Souma, I thought that Souma
was your given name.
Uh‐‐
No, that's obviously
my family name.
My name's Kazuya.
But you're "Souma Kazuya,"
are you not?
Yeah, Souma Kazuya.
[SOUMA]
That's right!
Given names come
first in this country,
like they do in the west!
N‐No chance I can go ahead
and correct that, is there?
It's unlikely.
Your official documents probably
all have Souma Kazuya
written on them already.
Oh, come on!
I cannot believe I screwed up
my own name that badly.
I don't think it's
that big of a deal.
Here we go.
We can switch back
and forth depending on
where we are at the time.
So when we're out
in public like this,
I can call you Kazuya.
I'm sorry you have
to cover up my mess.
I'm happy to do it!
What exactly is your perception
of me in this moment?
I'm not really sure.
The slacker dark elf?
I've only ever seen this town
when I've passed through
on horseback.
Getting to walk around and
explore is actually refreshing.
It's been a nice break
in the monotony.
Lord Kazuya!
What's up?
Something wrong?
No. But I am getting
quite hungry.
[stomach growls]
In that case,
how about we go get something
to eat at Juna's café?
[bell chimes]
Well, if it isn't Your Maje‐‐
Good day, Miss Juna!
It's been a long time,
so I do hope you remember me.
But if not, I'm Kazuya,
the son of the silk crepe dealer
in the kingdom of Echigo.
Ah! Yes, of course I
remember you, Kazuya!
How could I ever forget?
Your father is doing
quite well, I hope?
Oh, yes.
Although there was quite
a scene when Mother
finally learned of
his unfaithfulness.
I can imagine!
I do hope you're more mindful
of how you treat women
than he is, dear.
[SOUMA]
I'm glad she caught on so fast.
Thank goodness for Juna.
Mmm. I'm still surprised at
how much I like this stuff.
So, has gelin udon already
become an official part
of the menu?
It has!
You would not believe
the number of people
who've asked to try it
ever since the broadcast.
And since it will still
be quite a while before
we recover from
the food shortage,
I'm so relieved to have such
an affordable new ingredient!
I promise we're doing
all that we can.
Sorry if it's not enough yet.
Oh, please!
I think you're doing
a wonderful job, Kazuya,
don't you fret.
Why does it always seem
like you treat Juna
differently than everybody else?
Oh, yeah.
That's something that I...
...noticed earlier myself.
It's nothing I can help.
I get nervous when
I talk to pretty women‐‐
you don't have to point it out.
And Aisha, you can talk
or eat, but not both.
[SOUMA]
She's made her decision, folks!
You know, Miss Aisha,
the first time I saw you
in the royal castle,
you struck me primarily as
a gallant woman of action
who would never let
her guard down.
But right now, you seem much
more like a harmless slacker.
Hey! That's not true, is it?
[SOUMA, LISCIA]
Mm‐hmm. Mm‐hmm.
From this angle, it looks like
you just want to outdo
Poncho at the gluttony game.
Yeah, it makes you wonder
whatever happened
to that "gallant" Aisha of yore.
Is it possible, although
I've offered my body
and soul to you,
you haven't asked me to bed
because of my appetite?
Why are we suddenly
talking about this again?
But either way, it's not
like I can do that
when I'm already engaged, so...
Uh, Souma?
Don't you know?
Polygamy is recognized
in this kingdom.
Recognized and embraced.
Sometimes women will take
multiple husbands, as well.
But that's not as common.
If you try to limit yourself to
one husband and one wife,
you run the risk of your
household dying out
rather easily.
Sure. I guess.
So why haven't I seen
any queen consorts
apart from Liscia's mother?
Oh. That's because originally,
it was my mother who
held the royal power.
She's the daughter of
the previous king, you see.
Wait, so your father
married into the family?
[LISCIA]
Yes.
He wasn't in charge of
any governmental affairs
until after they got married.
That's why he never downplays
my mother's involvement
on the throne, and why he
never took other consorts.
Hang on.
Then was it all right for him
to concede the throne
to me himself?
That wasn't a problem.
My father got all the attention,
but he could never
have abdicated without
my mother's approval.
I'm the only one with
a claim to the throne
and responsibility to
the bloodline, though.
So I would eventually
have to take a husband
one way or another.
In my father's case, there were
extenuating circumstances
that don't apply to you, Souma.
If it's really what you wanted,
another wife would be...
...possible.
But would you be
comfortable with that?
Truth be told, I wouldn't
be thrilled about it,
but I'm willing for there
to be up to eight,
including myself.
So many!
Okay, so where'd you
pull that number from?
Well, I'd like to have you to
myself at least once a week.
Oh, right.
I keep forgetting this world
has eight days in a week.
Wait, so if everyone
is assigned a day,
does that mean only
once per week?
Maybe, though I don't
think it has to mean that.
If you and one of the
others invited each other
to your respective days.
Ooh, that's true.
Nice looking out, Juna!
Although, it is hard to pass up
some guaranteed time alone.
Oh. Yeah, you're right.
[SOUMA] Come on, can we not talk
about this in public, please?
But I wonder what that
harem would be like.
Eight wives.
[KAEDE]
Out of the question!
And do not make
me repeat myself!
No, Hal!